Largest human city, Thraben.
    Home of the Cathedral of Avacyn
Smaller towns radiate outward from Thraben

Small copses of trees dot the landscape of rolling hills and heaths.

More plagued by undead than other provinces

Thraben, the High City
    On massive mesa in middle of Lake of Herons
    Long body of water that flows around the rock and over an enormous waterfall
    Populated mostly by clergy, merchants, artisans
    Standing militia, church pays to keep streets swept, gardens and grafs tended and riff-raff off the street.
    Begging is strictly prohibitied
    Street curfew enforced by the militia
    Alms houses exist just outside the main walls
        Church sponsers regular "caravans" to take the needy to sea ports to find employment more easily.
    Eastern tip of rock just out over the waterfall itself
        This is where the Cathedral of Avacyn stands
    Outer wall, Merchant's wall, Child's Wall, Fang Wall, Bloodless Wall

    Cathedral of Avacyn
        Three wings form triangular garden (secret)
        Chapel of Noble Peers
            Opulent, gilded chapel reserved for high levels of clergy and titled members of society
        Mivast Hall
            Larger, less opulent hall - ordained fellows and lesser clergy
        Common Cloisters
            Covered corridors along edges of Midvast hall - commoners
            Only certain holy days allow commoners into the Old Cathedral
        Courtyard
            Ornate garden with stands of fruit trees and gold-and-white flowers
            Heart of garden, trees fall away - leaving view of curious object: the Helvault
        Grounds are lush and fertile from continual spray of mist from falls

    Helvault
        Huge silver mass
        Surface is rough and unrefined, thin veins of dark mortar branch across its surface

River Kirch
    Wide-fast flowing river - originates in the mountains of Stensia
    Empties into Lake of Herons, with murky water, high ridges bordering the bank and depths of hundreds of feet

Lake of Herons
    Great sea serpents and other creatures are said to hide in the lakes depths
    Stretches 20 miles before flowing over 2,000 foot waterfall - Kirch Falls

Voice of the Moon
    Moon controls tides (and path of rivers and other bodies of water)
    Roar of Kirch Falls has different rhythms depending on season and volume of water coming from the high lands.

Moonchanters
    Sect of clergy sing prayers according the changing rhythm of Kirch Falls
    Believe this singing puts them in better connection with the moon
    Others believe one should commune with Avacyn, not the sybolic power of the moon.

Seraphic Shrouds
    Mist from Kirch Falls is collected in long banners of heavy, white cloth.
    Water wrung from these banners is considered holy
    Shrouds still have magic properties
    Skaberen kill for shrouds, as they give extra stamina to their undead skaab creations.

Gavony Parishes
    5 parishes
        Thraben
        Nearheath
            Videns
            Wittal
            Effalen
        Moorland - largest (not densely populated)
        Each parish populated by multiple priests, chapels, and small altars.
    Nearheath
        Several medium size towns. Just a few miles south of Thraben's walls.
        Most towns have fortifications or walls in case of ghoul attack
        Many outlying farms as well.
        Videns
            Vineyards and rolling hills with small castles with walled estates
            River Kirch runs through this region

            Hanweir
                agricultural jewel of Gavony
                largest open-air market
                    livestock and wares from Kessig trappers
                River Kirch runs through village

        Wittal
            Thickly forested area
            Small in size
            Ancient pines instead of small deciduous forests in neighboring parishes

            Estwald
                center for woodworking in Gavony
                
        Effalen
            Rockiest area of Gavony
            plagued by vampires
    Moorland
        desolate region
        stories of spectral wolves and wandering spirits
        few trees, ground covered in coarse grass, bracken, and violet heather
        boulders and standing rocks
        countryside seems to be covered in perpetual mist
        rife with geists, many dangerous
            travelers constantly at risk from geists as well as other things wandering the countryside.


