Rolling farmlands surrounded by grasphing fingers of dense, dark woods.

The woods hide werewolves, ghosts, and other supernatural menaces.

Ulvenwald, the Misty Wood
    Aspen, birch, and maple border the edges of Kessig province.
    Supernatually dense, filled with dark, sinuous trunks and a constant, hanging mist.
    Forest floor is papered in damp leaves.

    Tends to isolate Kessig from the other provinces. Travelers are subject to attacks by werewolves, hauntings, and disappearances.
    Only spots of color in the night are luminous eyes of animals and geistfires of simmering apparitions.

Kessiger Culture
    Life is work.
    Farmers, millers, weavers, stonemasons.
    Tools are not purchased, they are forged by the users.
    Arithmetic/Royal Family names not important, havest dates and shapes of edible weeds are

Kessigers and Avacyn
    Hardheaded and unpretentious
    Believe in "the worked earth below us, the hand-hewn stone walls around us, and the angel above us."
    Don't trust shiny boots of big-city cathars, the pristine fingernails of Gavony ghost-hunters, or out-of-touch decrees from aristocrats of the High City of Thraben.

Curfew of Silver
    Whispers and gossips who believe something has happened to Avacyn
    Werewolf attacks have gotten worse and spirit hauntings more frequent.
    Rising sense of panic throughout the countryside.

    Decree come down; "Commoners out after dark must wear amulet of blessed silver."
    Some priests have begun giving these limited amulets out preferentially.
    Relations between Gavony and Kessig have worsened because of curfew.
    Some have begun to refuse shipments of goods from Gavony and deny service to travelers from that province.

Eiquette
    Polite to show silver when meeting for the first time.
    Wreaths of living wood are common gifts and placed on door of a home where a child has been born
        Meant to protect child from vampires (despite the wood dying after a few days)
    Eat sour root soup or fasting before a trip
        Thought to make one less appealing to werewolves and other hungry beasts.

Sleep Revel
    Celebrate someone on anniversary of death (as long as they haven't risen)
    Continued sleep is seen as a blessing as great as continued birthdays.


Werewolves
    Howlpacks and lone werewolves hunt Kessig.
    Mondronen dominant during most seasons
    Leeraug howlpack dominant during New Moon season
    Smaller, nameless packs also exist

    Many lone werewolves live in secret, too afraid to be revealed, but unwilling to leave family behind.
    Suspicion and speculation run rampant.
    Conflicting views exist about how to detect, hunt, or cure werewolves, how many exist, what keeps them at bay, and what it means for humanity.

Geists
    Wild spirits of nature, prone to taunt or terrorize civilized life.
    Can be:
        Cold-burning geistflames made of surreal fire
        Mischievous poltergeists that shove at the physical world through the power of their outrage
        blood mists that envelop and devour the living
        beautiful nature spirits tressed in vine and thorn
        beast-possessing geists that shimmer through mouths and eyes of feral animals
        vindictive crop-spoilers that vex farmers and druids

Other supernaturals
    werewolves are so prominant, other supernaturals have been squeezed out
    Devils' Breach lies in tall stone hills at the edge of the province
        Threatens to boil over with demonic activity
    Zombies have come to symbolize the evils of the big city
        Often equate necromantic alchemy with black markets, religous heresy, and murderous conspiracy.
    Vampires
        In public - spoken of as the height of urbane evile
        In private - fascinated with vampires' refinement and celebrity
        Encounters with vampires are few and far between.
            Word travels fast whenever someone comes along the Hairpin Road in an elegant, shaded coach.

Breakneck Ride
    Few main paths lead into Kessig
        Each fraught with peril
    Collectively referred to as the "Breakneck Ride."

Lambholt, the Threatened Pasture
    Farming village at the center of miles of sheep, goat, and cattle pasture.
    Pastures near town once mingled with woods, but have been chopped down to clear room for farms
    Believed that wild essences resent the destruction of the forest. Werewolves continually terrorize livestock and humans here.

    Harvest festival at rise of red moon
        work late into night by light of bonfires and cook great feasts of fresh meat and vegetables
        Power of Lambholt's protective shrines has waned and werewolf attacks are more frequent
            Now highlight of festival is great hunter's contest
                warriors and priestly champions go on hunts through the surrounding Ulvenwald trying to slay the most powerful supernatural creature
                Many never return

Hollowhenge, the Lost Capital
    Former county seat, now just ruin of wood an brick
    Formerly Avabruck (can still find wood/broken signs that say Avabruck) - fell within the last year

    Wards around Avabruck's central cathedral, Temple of Saint Raban failed
    Within two nights the werewolves discovered the breach in protection

    Mondronen ripped through the town, dispatching any in their way, charging straight for the temple

    Laid siege to the temple, tearing it down and feasting on those who fought.

    Orders were given to evacuate, but may residents opted to ensconce themselves in their homes.
    Seven days in, werewolf savages enacted unknown type of blood ritual.
        Mystical, concussive force leveled the city from the center out. Flattening most structures in town.
    Only outermost ring of buildings remained, forming circular "henge" around the devastation.
    Rescue attempts met with further attacks

    City was abandoned, even by the howlpack. 
    Only wild, terrified ghosts and occasional werewolf scavenger scuffle among the ruins.
    Many (if not all) who were killed still linger, trying in vain to reconstruct the city.
    Some are deeply angry and ferocious wights.

    Despite danger, travelers often pass near, as the former county seat lies at crossroads of two major thoroghfares.

Devils' Breach
    Smoke and heat waft from chasm
    Trappers claim to have seen literal devils, but their influence has not been strongly felt in Kessig.


